merry christmas to those who celebrate :333 its my birthday this month so um wish me happy birthday if u desire ~w~

# Library
- __Artist and album grids have been slightly modernised__
    - The primary colour from the image is now picked and used for the lower gradient as appose to the boring solid black. The line for the artist name and plays has now also been merged into one - if people would like this to be a setting, let me know :3

- Tracks no longer have a slide animation

# Pages
- __Page-related code now only runs once per page__
    - This feels WAY faster in my testing before release. While this may seem like a straightforward thing in retrospect it was a little more difficult than you'd expect. Using the system mentioned below and some additional tweaks it now no longer needs to run as much code to get the job done.
    - Along with this, recent activities and settings are no longer constantly loaded whenever any action is taken.
- Pages are now assigned automatically
    - This may not mean much unless you know how bleh works under-the-hood. To keep it simple, bleh is now smarter!! and can tell what type of page you are browsing on without having to do nearly as much detective work.

- Listening reports have had some styling tweaks
    - (finally)

# Dialogs and modals
- Dialogs have been completely re-built within bleh
    - If you can't notice a difference that's a good thing, I feel like they perform better but that might be placebo but who knows..

# Listeners
- __Top listeners for artists now match follow pages__
    - This means you can now choose between the same list and grid view modes and they will match this setting globally.
    - The position counter is now also accurate after page 1! This was originally added before bleh3 when this wasn't really possible, but that is no more.

# Seasonal
- Slight optimisations have been made for seasonal overlay things
- Seasonal overlays have had their look tweaked
    - The gradient no longer spans the entire card height, it's now only at the top as intended. This makes midnight theme a lot more oled-y during winter seasons.

# Shouts
- An initial attempt has been made to increase performance.
    - It isn't perfect at this time but shouts are now queued to have their fancy new-lines, bold text, etc. If there's some way to make this work in parallel it would help a lot.