# Library
- __Introduced new awesome library redesign__
    - This has been a long-time coming and is a whole redesign of all aspects of the user library :3 Below i'll go through each change worth mentioning

- __The date graph is now custom-built with three display modes__
    - You can now choose between a line graph, pie chart, and bar chart. This preference is saved between tabs. You can click points on the graph just the same as before.
    - The date selector now also includes a handy link to the current year (2024) just in time for the end of the year.
    - Line graphs also now have their background colour a pretty gradient and that's cool!!!
    - There is a (probably slightly) higher chance you can get rate-limited now but in a world where using the Bulk Edit extension can load hundreds of pages that doesn't seem to be much of an issue. It's also a worthy compromise for pretty graphs i think.
    - If you absolutely HATE these graphs and want the old one back, simply use the handy configure button present on all library pages (or head to the Music tab in settings).

- __There are now additional 'insight' graphs based on the current tab__
    - These can show information on artists, albums, and tracks on a page (you can't have all three on page, you can have two at least). Hover over each slice of the pie to see what the item in question is, unfortunately clicking into them is not available... yet (will get to this soon hopefully).
    - No additional network requests are made for this graph to work as it utilises either the chartlist or grid already loaded :3

- __Header cards on regular tabs are redesigned__
    - This redesign is the most similar to the previous design but essentially matches the rest of the recent bleh designs :3 This includes moving relavant buttons into their own group on the right with helpful text labels and icons.

- __Header cards when focused on an artist, album, or track have been redesigned too__
    - Along with the aftermentioned improvements, this panel now uses the lotus correction system. This supports the popular Bulk Edit extension out of the box so no need to worry there either.
    - Let me know if there's other extensions people use that hook into this area and are as such no longer visible in bleh, i'm not aware of any at the moment.

- Artists in list view are now finally corrected
- Albums and tracks in list view should now be corrected properly regardless as language

- Tracks now show hover popups pretty much everywhere

i hope people enjoy tha library as i am quite proud of it myselfs.. ~w~ leave feedback in bleh issues if there's something you hav to suggest!

# Profiles
- Recent (and) track panel configure menus now include bleh options
    - Very handy for some people most likely (including me for testing)
- Fixed activites sometimes displaying in a weird order

# Header
- Massively improved performance on the profile menu
    - This was done by completely removing the old menu provided by Last.fm which was still causing some slowdowns despite not being visible (silly)

# Other
- Changelogs now display myself in the header
    - Maybe other people will write changelogs someday o.O

- Chart colours are now only loaded when necessary, giving a potential (but minor) performance improvement.
- The same as above but for removing album-related page colouring when you exit a page.